fix: add notes about dependency injection (#1326)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/langchain/tools.mdx

<Info>
**Why this matters:** Tools are most powerful when they can access agent state, runtime context, and long-term memory. This enables tools to make context-aware decisions, personalize responses, and maintain information across conversations.

> Runtime context provides a way to inject dependencies (like database connections, user IDs, or configuration) into your tools at runtime, making them more testable and reusable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runtime context provides a structured way to supply runtime data, such as DB connections, user IDs, or config, into your tools. This avoids global state and keeps tools testable and reusable.
```

> **Dependency injection**: Runtime context provides a way to inject dependencies (like database connections, user IDs, or configuration) into your tools at runtime, making them more testable and reusable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Runtime context provides a way to inject dependencies (like database connections, user IDs, or configuration) into your tools at runtime, making them more testable and reusable.
```
